now Jacob lifted his eyes and looked and
there I saw was coming and with him were
four hundred men so he divided the
children among Leah Rachel and the two
maid servants and he put the maid
servants and their children in front
Leah and her children behind and Rachel
and Joseph last then he crossed over
before them and bowed himself to the
ground
seven times until he came near to his
brother but Esau ran to meet him and
embraced him and fell on his neck and
kissed him and they whipped and he
lifted his eyes and saw the women and
children
who are these with you the children whom
God has graciously given your servant
then the maidservants came near they and
their children and bowed down and Leah
also came near with her children and
they bowed down afterward Joseph and
Rachel came near and they bowed down
what do you mean by all this company
which I met these are to find favor in
the sight of my lord I have enough my
brother keep what you have for yourself
no please if I have now found favor in
your sight then receive my present from
my hand in as much as I have seen your
face
as though I had seen the face of God and
you were pleased with me please take my
blessing that is brought to you because
God has dealt graciously with me and
because I had enough so he urged him and
he took it then he saw said let us take
our journey let us go and I will go
before you my lord knows that the
children are weak and the flocks and
herds which are nursing her with me and
if the men should drive them hard one
day all the flock will die please let my
lord go on ahead before his servant I
will lead on slowly at a pace which the
livestock that go before me and the
children are able to endure until I come
to my Lord and see her now let me leave
with you some of the people who are with
me what need is there
let me find favor in the sight of my
lord
so Esau returned that day on his way to
see her
and Jacob journey to sakkath built
himself a house and made booths for his
livestock therefore the name of the
place is called sakkath then jacob came
safely to the city of Shechem which is
in the land of Canaan when he came from
Paden Aran and he pitched his tent
before the city and he bought the parcel
of land where he had pitched his tent
from the children of heimo Shechem
father for 100 pieces of money then he
erected an altar there and called it a
Lillehei Israel
[Music]